fix: add missing multiprocessing.popen_forkserver.pyi stubs (#8425)
python/typeshed: tests/stubtest_allowlists/win32.txt

termios
xxlimited

> # Multiprocessing.popen_fork and popen_forkserver exists on Windows but fails to import

Reviewer: Grammar

```suggestion
# multiprocessing.popen_fork and popen_forkserver exist on Windows but fail to import
```
